Where in the world is Iguazu?
Iguazu Falls
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil, are a certainly must see attraction in the area.
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air.
With the sun shinning down on the spray, creating a rainbow in the foreground, this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph.
However, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River.
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane.
The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil, which is equally close.
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires.
The bus is obviously the cheaper option, and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours, although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats.
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours.
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town, however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks, and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets.
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget, there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls.
RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
I didn't get to read the answers lol:(
I 'm not gon na say who, they are on now.
I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
LOL Callum
no no no no no no
it s definitely not you.
no
It s not any of you lol
i emailed you saaaaaam.
I don't know.
how did you know.
it's not me is it!?
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:
i guz what lol
whoooooo?
sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me.... i think we all know who she's talking about...
EDIT: now i 'm curious...
EDIT: How did I know...
lol they really aren't that much worse than me
and their gpa was better than mine....
I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly!
Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you can?
TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!?
Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now.
& I wan na know what food has the game pieces.
And what food has EXTRA game pieces.
Because Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES!
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two!
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD!
PLEASE!!!!!!
The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!!
PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/Main/Gameboard
4 Peels:
- 20 piece Chicken McNuggets
- Large fries
2 Peels:
- Big Mac
- 10 piece Chicken McNuggets
- Medium Fountain Drink
- McCAFE Drink
- Filet - O - Fish
- Hash Browns
- Egg McMuffin, Sausage
- Fruit & Maple Oatmeal
Pubs in Philadelphia?
Hey there, I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
He's pretty much an " I love American Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back. " kind of guy.;)
I want to take him somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere (preferably a tavern/pub style would be nice), good service, and all around a great time. =)
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's.
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area.
A little help is always great. =)
Thank you or your feed back.
Oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time.
Go to a local market or drug store, and buy this month's copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine ".
It is all about this very subject... bars and food.
It lists places all over the city and suburbs.
Wishing your husband a happy birthday!
If you're looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!), and good drinks, go to Chickie & Pete's!
Oh my gosh, they are great!
If you go, make sure you order the crab fries, you won't regret it:)
Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia?
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak.
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close.
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu...
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments.
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome.
It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Frisco s.
Thanks in advance for the advice.
Sidenote... I am familiar with the Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The Palm, The Prime Rib, Morton s, Ruth Chris ', etc.
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier.
Many thanks.
I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris.
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has.
I hope you get your answer.
Anyway, have a lovely first anniversary!
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s?
No.
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time -- the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China, there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII.
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black.
The Mission was basically latin - american.
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to the cultures.
So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that's who the photographers took pictures of.
The other ethicities weren't well represented in politics yet -- or rather, they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation.
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs.
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
You never saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then.
It was an evolution.
Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s.
We did not have big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90s.
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then.
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted.
Only Caucasians had any political power, corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods.
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers.
There has always been a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico.
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected.
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically.
The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San Francisco in the 70s.
EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
My dad just doesn't understand?
Ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't understand anything!
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom... he is the only guy in a house of six females.
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing?
He's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, I wish I had mine! " and he isn't even joking.
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy?
Yep, the females are just getting to him... dads..
Don't blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something.
I am sorry for him, he is a good dad
Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko?
I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name.
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name?
Right, I couldn't find any proven source for that.
And her last name, Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name... anyone?
Certainly, Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in Vietnam.
Mayko is relating to the Japanese.
In Vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named " first name " according to that of their fathers.
It's principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
E.g.
Full name of the father is: " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son/daughter certainly is " Nguyen.......... ", for instance, " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan ".
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination.
I 'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese.
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese.
I 'm not sure where her first name is from...
Modern m 16 vs Vietnam m 16 version?
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3 - shot burst.
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam.
My questions are..
1) what the s difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m 16?
2) did Vietnam m 16's have a 3 - shot burst function?
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M - 16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older (dirtier) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M - 14.
He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming.
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self - cleaning, which it wasn't.
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming.
Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M - 16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for.
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military.
Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more reliable.
1) modern m 16 is alright.
Vietnam m 16 used to clog up and never work.
2) All M 16's are either automatic or semi automatic.
No one uses 3 burst.
you play too much cod;P
modern m 16 is best
In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget?
Downtown Chicago, Loop, North
Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right.
Walk 2 blocks then turn right again.
Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street.
You will get to a place called " BIG BOWL ".
THAI FOOD AND ASIAN.
BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
McDonald s
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner.
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
But the best way is to use coupons.
Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
Yo also may want to try " small neighborhood " restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains.
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
New Zealand skilled migrant visa?
If you apply for a skilled migrant worker s visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.
I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
Watch out the poles are coming..... my little butterfly
That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar
It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
What are good places to eat brunch at??
My bday is Saturday:) and I wan na have breakfast/lunch with my fam.
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop.
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
I would strongly suggest " The Breakfast Club " in Chicago.
You can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices.
Don't be in a hurry though.
Just relax and enjoy.
They have fabulous French toast too.
The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway.
There is always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot.
If you'd rather dine at home, simply call in your order with our take - out service.
Plenty of parking on the weekends.. during the week please park in the little lot across the street.
Directions from the Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy.
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden.
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right.
We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble.
The Breakfast Club & Grill
1381 W. Hubbard
Chicago, IL 60622
312-666-2372 Tel
Email Us
Hours of Operation:
Monday thru Friday
6:30 am - 8:00 pm
Saturday & Sunday
7:00 am - 5:00 pm
Happy Hour
Monday thru Friday
4:00 pm - 6:00 pm
$ 4 appetizers
$ 4 wine
$ 3 Coronas & Heineken
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section.
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive?
When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half - million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam.
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next election in 1968).
He did not give them the number of troops they requested.
This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency.
Thing is, it worked.
The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA).
When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia.
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases.
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers.
The Communists agreed.
They could not defeat the Americans.
However, what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations.
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN, cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
THAT WAS THE PLAN.
What happened?
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas.
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue.
The government did NOT fall.
And the South Vietnamese people?
When give the ultimate choice, they rallied…
TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT….
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists.
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit.
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time - frame he ordered it.
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces.
But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
Instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam.
They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding).
In the end Nixon kept his promise for “… peace with honor….”
But that’s another question.
To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
To make the war unpalatable to the American public.
In that, they pretty much succeeded.
Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing the VC and NVA.
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap.
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices?
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta.
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great.
Should I just settle and book on line?
or is it better if I wait till I get there?
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours?
Also, any tour recommendations would be very helpful a well.
Thank you!
If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh Cafe/Tourist.
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district.
I have taken this tour and it was great.
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful.
I don't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was.
Also, Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable.
And no, I do not work for them.:)
I am just a satisfied customer.
And don't expect to party on this tour.
The south is not like the regular tourist towns.
Very few clubs and night activities.
Oh, if you are confused.
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe.
It is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc.
tele # 84838389593
have fun.
There isn't much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area.
If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho.
From either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the country.
Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront.
You take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists.
The countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a few months (or years) to get to know the place.
PS, If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel.
It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre.
It's a little hard to get to by foot, they're rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto - taxi you there for a dollar or less.
He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in town for awhile.
He'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
Have a good trip where-ever you end up.
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout.
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different.
what are some unique customs in ireland?
As far ask I’m aware our most unique custom would be the “Country Wake”.
In all my travels I’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners.
After a person dies, their remains are “waked” in their home for roughly 2 - 3 days.
In this time visitors will come to the house, pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun.
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains.
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike.
But only really in the countryside.
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war.
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers.
The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by.
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity, had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary.
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century.
The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one.
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland.
Barn brack and the ring.
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter, barn brack and col - cannon for Halloween.
christmas cake for christmas day.
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student?
I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course.. if you know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons?
and would you recommend it as a student?
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there.
Limerick's a great student city, there's loads on, you'll be spoilt for choice.
In fact, you probably won't ever want to leave.
Orla got it in one.
Although there is ' bad press ' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the university.
Limerick is such a full city, shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, I came here about 12 years ago for college..... and Orla got it spot on, I haven't left, nor would I.
It s now my home.
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise?
ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD * BOTH *!!
i want to know which you liked better and WHY?
include which one had:
- better food
- more fun activities
- more teens
- AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL
please specify which royal or carnival ship (:
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings.
Some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other.
Are there any major differences between them?
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best.
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas.
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica, Grand Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, the Bahamas and St. Martin/St. Maarten.
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk.
The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti).
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines.
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows.
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward.
We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were better.
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act.
If you love seeing the shows, Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians.
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas.
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas.
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades.
We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner.
We had a slightly better experience on the Liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise.
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have.
They both had pools for kids and adults.
We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide.
If you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy.
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it.
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas.
Usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment......
Royal Caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas.
Look on their website rssc.com
Royal Caribbean.
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines...
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland.
I graduate in the spring, and so we'd like to go between then and winter.
We don't want too many tourists, and since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November.
We don't want it to be too cold (not sure when exactly there fall is... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months), but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either.
We're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier!
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be?
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February, but winter woollies in March and even during the summer.
And then there’s the rain.
Ireland receives a lot of rain, with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year.
County Kerry is the worst affected.
The southeast is the driest, enjoying a more continental climate.
The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky.
Some basic assumptions, however, can be made.
In summer, from May to July, the days are reasonably warm and – most importantly – very long: at the height of summer you won’t need to turn on lights until after 10 pm.
It is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at their highest.
Not surprisingly, most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather.
Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make good alternatives, although the country’s ever - growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid - and high - season tourism.
Still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again, it’s all part of the uncertainty principle.
Spring festivities include the ever - popular St Patrick’s Festival.
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing, winter (December to February) can be brutal, for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particular.
Crowds are at their thinnest, but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close down in October and don’t reopen until Easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of the Irish: it’s cold, grey and dark by 5 pm, but there’s always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down.
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella..
As that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly says " there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "
Afraid I can not be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa.
If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime.
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?).
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall.
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
September for example.
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
To explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service.
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists.
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way.
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets/boots etc.
We only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24 C on a few occasions, more like 14 C most days.
We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions.
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender.
The days start to shorten & it gets even wetter, windier & colder.
We had frosts in October so I wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet.
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland?
You are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending money.
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe.
I 'm mad and don't know what to do!
Please help!?
Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it.
(I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again) so I fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!!
I got so excited!!!!
It said it was in January but still!!!!
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates, it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday.:(
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
(we live in Pennsylvania btw) I 'm mad and upset now!
Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously.
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days.
**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really!
Can someone please make me feel better about this trip!!!!
A least you r going.!
Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.!
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go.:D
Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
At least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY.
And, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
" Nothing Gold Can Stay ", honey.
Enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
If they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
Hope you have a crapload of fun!
(In a good way...)
Question about the sinking of the Titanic?
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking?
If yes, was Canada involved in this act/law?
Sorry, I 'm just very nervous after watching the movie.
SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic.
Today, it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration.
If you ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill (lifeboat drill) within 24 hours of sailing.
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock.
SOLAS covers just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so on.
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS, and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy, the adoption of SOLAS is probably it.
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
--------------------------------------------------
Edit: Also I forgot to mention earlier, most (if not all) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port.
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient at launching them.
I don't think so
Don't worry.
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking?
100 years ago?
Crayola Air - Dry Clay?
Ok.
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
She loves giraffes and homemade things!
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay.
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
The key is... I have a few problems:
1. I tested it out by making a figure boat
And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile!
(like VERY not in a good way)
Is there any way to strengthen it?
2. What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe?
3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln?
air dry clay works on armatures, the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse?
i have two options
using the metro or the air france bus
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse?
if not what transfers should i get on?
ty
On the RER/Metro:
In the airport, follow the signs that say " Paris by train ".
Buy a ticket for Paris.
This will get you on the RER B line going into town.
Stay on it until the " Saint - Michel Notre - Dame " station.
Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward " Porte d' Orleans ".
Get off at the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station.
On the Air France bus:
As I recall, this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris.
You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse.
On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward " Porte de Vanves ".
Buy a ticket from the driver.
Stay on the bus until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " stop.
On the Metro: Get in the Metro at Opera.
Take the 8 line toward " Balard " until the " Invalides " station.
Change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station.
True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future?
There are no jobs in this country.
I 'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry.
Is there a future for our nation's youth?
@ Ryan B,
I 'm two years into an undergraduate degree.
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
Everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas, to Australia, etc.
There's obviously a reason for that (lack of employment, low incomes, etc.)
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22.
So, thanks.
@ W.a.b.b.y,
I really like you're answer.
it's very logical.
I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I 'm cut out for.
I also wish I'd applied for a scholarship.
I didn't think I'd be awarded one, but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than I thought they were.
Obviously I 'm still completely stupid though.
I mean, I wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
And yes, I am being melodramatic.
Lol.
@ Hatmanone,
* gasps * So I wouldn't make a good prostitute?
Are you saying I 'm bad in bed?
How would you know?
Joking.
Your answer is very sweet, but I 'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
A little mellow dramatic?
In my opinion, far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees.
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications?
I 'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I 'm done.
I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable.
I've also got a bachelor s degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here.
And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia.
Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary, then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago.
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia.
It's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan.
At the moment there's no interest, but that'll probably change.
And they'll probably add interest to what you've already racked up.
And they're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back.
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they'll force you cough up.
And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest.
I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ.
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree.
But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard.
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap.
My 2 c.....
Get an education!
I 'm doing fine.
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz.
People have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20 + years, so it's not anything new.
It depends on what you hunger for.
700 f jobs aren't advertised.
That means making yourself known; that means networking.
Traveler s guide - For the young and unknowledgeable?
I am 17 years old.
I do not get along with my family.
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment.
I am very unhappy here.
I don't know the best way of doing it.
Would it be best for me to finish college?
wait for 18th birthday?
I live in London.
I want to go travelling.
My parents do not like me, They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18.
I don't particularly want to stay with them atm either.
But right now it s the most convenient thing to do.
Anyway Advice for travelling.
What is the best way of doing it?
Hotels for travelling will be expensive.
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience.
I want to go all over:) I don't have a set route yet.
Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket.
Wool is best.
Light, warm, but also itchy.
Hit the road.
You can always beg for spare change when you get hungry.
Should get some survival skills before setting out on your own.
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in?
My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years.
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
Also that, I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it true?
I'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there.:)
I LIVE THERE!
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way.
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012.
Things to do in Fujairah..
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains!
... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun.
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only!
So, no it is not as good as Dubai, but it s quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins.
please let me know if you need anything else
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai.
Nothing like Dubai, and never will be!
Don't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to end up like them!
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it!
melting brass did not work?
my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make some little figures.
we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt.
what am I doing wrong
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
I'll just echo both other answers.
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen.
Even if you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
It's really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety.
Just the zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take precautions.
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top.
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough.
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal).
I have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace, but I think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough.
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill).
I melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
Brass melts at just under 2000 F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#SELCTEMP
You might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air.
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
Should the statue of David be censored?
I 'm a sophomore in high school doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David.
My argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right
no, it's only a body of a young man
the city of florence did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue
An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft. Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw " nudes " in the museum.
You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display?
No, it was guys.
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job.
Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job.
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs 500 per night?
Hey guys.
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night.
There would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs 1000, close to the centre of these cities.
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like.
Thanks in advance for sharing your experience!
Sorry, almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk - in to these hotels rather than pre book?
In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse.
Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice.
Rooms start from 500 per double.
Those ones are quite small.
Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide.
It's in an area starting with a P, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
But in general, Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.
In Varanasi I don't know.
I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?
Also, while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations.
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide.
It was nice and close to the Taj.
It was quite easy to find something.
(Do nt stay in Agra too long.
One night is enough!)
There were many hotels there.
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.
Good luck, enjoy your time!
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi.
it is in karol bagh.
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it.
TO Stay in Agra - Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you.
it is centrally situated.
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice...
Disney cruise line with young ones?
I will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds.
What is the best time of year?
Should I get a balcony?
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience??
Thanks!!!
It is vacation time.
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying.
They look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation.
There can be many ideas; one can see numerous options passing through their mind.
What is the best option?
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select?
Disney cruises, is a simple answer to this.
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour.
From 1998 onwards, from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more.
This is a spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time.
The ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated cartoon characters.
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
Whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day - to - day activities.
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities.
There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder.
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers.
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like.
It has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
These are decorated uniquely and marvelously.
The ship offers variety of eatables, deliciously made.
Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard.
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well.
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children.
They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world magic.
These theme parks have all types of facilities.
Video shows, cartoon stories, wonderful games and many such facilities.
It is really an entertainment for the kids.
The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children.
There are other amnesties also.
These include space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities.
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion.
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option.
There are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates.
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking........
Off season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked.
I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer.
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays.
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however, it is quite a bit more expensive.
With young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
Check out the kids ' space as soon as you get onboard.
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there.
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
We liked getting the late dinner seating, so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are ' early to bed ' you may want the earlier seating for dinners.
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door.
All of the doors tend to look alike and having ' something ' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you are at any given point.
Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a ' walkie - talkie ' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard.
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day.
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling.
Any time would be great.
off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season.
My wife and I, in our 60's at the time, originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel.
We had a ball.
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend.
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted.
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones.
The range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities.
There is a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed.
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise.
If you stay with your dining schedule, every night is dinner and a show.
The real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise.
Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare.
Since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did.
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it.
If you should miss a meal, you also missed a great show.
but food is always available and it is consistently good.
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
How to make a breyer horse stable?
Hi i m a big fan of breyer horses!
My breyers need stables or barns though..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them.
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
And I need to know where to buy the materials.
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad does nt really not that good.
Pictures would help!
NOTE: If i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and then
Breyer horse, miniature/model replica
sketch out floor plan, estimate size, draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views,
figure out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse,
measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure out wall sections and height,
there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof,
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together, miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press - board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/HorseStable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/Craft-Supplies/Woodworking%20Supplies/
..
Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...?
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage.
What do I do?
Did anything happen before losing his trust?
Birds are hard to gain trust with, but it's lost so easily!
A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you.
Eating by his cage and keeping a " sleep cage " in your room is a good idea.
Birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators.
Keep his cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to you.
Let him go at his own pace, don't rush with him, and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird.
This with ruin your bond, and you probably won't have another chance to build one.
Patience is the key. =)
he might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond.
But then again he could be!
dat bird is smart.
like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when I open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know I 'm going to take them outside and they don't like it.
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds don't usually like cages.
so, I don't think the bird don't trust you, but still don't like the cage.
Change of boarding station?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter?
My origin Station is Howrah, but I want to board at Asansol..
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah?
If yes, you don't need to change it because you board later.
If no, you'll have to go to one of the train stations.
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well.
I don't remember near which station it is though.
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones?
Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station.
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets.
well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point, then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others.
so better inquire in railway office
Contact the Indian railways.
You might end up as a no show passenger.
What is Italian High Renaissance?
Have a look at this, it may help.
1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe.
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt.
Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.
The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages.
These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.
2) The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance.
The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardo s fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V.
This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the " High Style " of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.
[1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.
[2]
Hope it helps!
my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...?
hi everyone.... just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera.. wel, i always wanted 2 hav one by sony.. but anyways, ended up having olympus X940 from my dad....... does any1 already has it?
how has ur experience with it?
is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
wht abt its picture quality???
is it comparable to sony products or not??
it has 14 mega pixel camera... n 4 x wide optical zoom...
ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated....... thanks!!!!!!!
Olympus X - 940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
It is def worth more than the price.
I am VERY satisfied.
A good camera for the plain point and shoot.
My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English.
Get your English in order before writing here again please.
3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night?
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his/her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night.
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting.
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too.
I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him.
She feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night...
What is the problem?
Is this a transitional period for the baby... that he/she is left alone much more time?
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything... he/she sleeps.
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual.
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce milk.
It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm.
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine.
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby.
Ignore the answer above me, btw! ^_^
What are good B & W software's Photography?
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing?
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it, looks terrible.
Here's one of my shots in B & W
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
Any programs that you use please list:) Thx
You could also try this in gimp.
It will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks:
Open your image while it's still in color
Create a new layer and fill the later with black.
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white.
Click colors >>> levels and adjust each channel's color values.
This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image.
For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
Hope this helps.
Picasa is free and pretty good.
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture:)
depends what you want from " B & W "... many programs will use a generic B & W...
try something like photoscape which has different options...
NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet?
From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing.
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts.
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color?
I don't want an iPad or Kindle.
I just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read.
Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars?
Or just purchase the Color?
Well I recently bought the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy with it.
It is like a mini tablet itself!
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet, I was pretty disappointed though, because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price!
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet.
I 'm pretty sure it'll be worth it.
Have fun!
Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster!
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
eReader Tablet Comparison; B & N Nook Tablet, B & N Nook Color, Kindle Fire, HTC Flyer
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
How long to save up for a canon t3i?
I want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750 - 800 +:(
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, I plan to save 10 dollars every week:)
My birthday is in november and I get about.... 150 or more since i hate my dad s family.. haha
Chinese new year ~ 300
christmas ~ 100
and yeaa...
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money?:O
Hey,
Be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing:)
There's a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen.
It's around $ 100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker!
Here's a DSLR Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
Don't worry about it.
If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out how to use a DSLR camera properly.
hey kido u made me smile
French dating etiquette?
I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this.
I 'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.
Coming from an anglo - saxon country my version of dating is ' getting the number, asking her out, etc.. '
However, I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different.
For them, dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off.
In addition, from my understanding one - on - one dates is something that comes much later and not ' straight - away ' like us anglo - saxons.
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
They only ' go out in the open ' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.
Is it true?
I have told a French girl I liked her, and she accepted.
She is friendly when we see each other on campus.
She is also nicer when we are both alone.
However, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop!
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.
You are not French for a start, so the " rules " or " customs " may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out.
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you.
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.
Take the messages for what they are: she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.
" Non! " means " non ", not " I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case. "
Christiane gave you a good answer.
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.
What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.
She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further.
If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.
Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work.
Should have done research before you left.
Why not just take your chances and do it your way?
Best way to change 35 mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about?
I've modified my Holga 120 to take 35 mm film and I know that you can't wind the film back, you have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the film.
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling?
Do you just take a changing bag with you?
What s the easiest thing?
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution.
It's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera.
You can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc.
It's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside.
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag.
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field.
Many online stores carry them, like Adorama:
http://www.adorama.com/BLCBS.html
I have a few how to videos for DIY 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel:
http://bit.ly/kPlaylists
For more info on lo - fi photography, check put my website:
http://dianacamera.com
dead pixel of my photos?
just want to ask.. i have an nikon dslr.. i m wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - 300 percent.. i can see some dead pixel... is there something wrong with my camera body?
lens?
or what?
please help me.. and what should i do to fix this problem?
or it is normal?
Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
Cure is to get the sensor cleaned
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
Chris
Do they have this anywhere?
I want to take a cruise around the world.
I mean literally around the world if possible.
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to?
Like you can pick the destinations?
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere.
1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices.
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
Prices listed, however, are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high " single supplement " costs in addition.
(Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone.
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete).
2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary.
Good luck!
Various world cruises from most of the major cruise lines, typically 100 days in duration.
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy.
No possibility to customise ports of call.
Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e Transatlantic to London (England), England to Barcelona (Spain), Barcelona to Alexandria (Egypt), Egypt to India via Suez canal etc.
yes there are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale lines.
HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $ 40 K at least.
and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore.. say book a Panamal Canal crossing, then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing.
I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line?
I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, I 'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one.
Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the other phone connected?
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well?
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there... could be static on the line... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL....
if the trouble goes away with the modem off, then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered, this would include the alarm system, fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc...
if everything is filtered, and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters...
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects.
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install.
Can that be fixed?
I really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod.
not by the company... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
you are best to either recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash.
cynangon mod should work.
Have you tried using clockwork recovery?
Get the older version of Cynagon mod.
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake.
Those roms focus on speed and stability.
Or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement.
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
They are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit.
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
Hope you read through this.
Are there any new Gaming console?
I don't know should i buy PS3 or X - BOX Kinect.
Or even N - DS or PSP.
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out.
(Same for N - DS and PSP)
Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out next year.
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works.
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version.
